feat(changelog): elastic-metal-added-disk-partitioning-configuration-now 2024-10-23 (#3868)
scaleway/docs-content: changelog/october2024/2024-10-23-elastic-metal-added-disk-partitioning-configuration-now.mdx

---
title: Disk partitioning configuration now available! 
status: added
author:

>     fullname: 'Join the #[xxx] channel on Slack.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    fullname: 'Join the #elastic-metal channel on Slack.'
```

    url: 'https://slack.scaleway.com'
date: 2024-10-23
category: bare-metal
product: elastic-metal
---

> You can now partition the disk capacity of your server as needed during server setup by directly editing the JSON file in the console. Eligible servers are marked with the green 'NEW' badge. 
> For more details on custom partitioning, click here: https://www.scaleway.com/en/docs/bare-metal/elastic-metal/how-to/configure-disk-partitions/.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can now partition the disk capacity of your server as needed during server setup by directly editing the JSON file in the Scaleway console. Eligible servers are marked with the green 'NEW' badge. 
Refer to the [dedicated page](/bare-metal/elastic-metal/how-to/configure-disk-partitions/) for more details on custom partitioning.
```
